Melonie Powers: Hello.
Richelle Direny: Hello.
Melonie Powers: I can hear you. Okay.
Richelle Direny: I'm still not used to having this thing in that I forget.
Richelle Direny: How's everything
Richelle Direny: How's your dentist appointment.
Melonie Powers: Didn't go
Melonie Powers: With different senses.
Melonie Powers: Well, I didn't want to go and ask them until then I was looking at they had on the stuff. Everybody got so far behind, you know, with the whole corporate thing.
Melonie Powers: And made that point.
Melonie Powers: Like no, because I know the prices for way to create it. So it got a new appointment.
Melonie Powers: On June 11th.
Melonie Powers: That's just for console and to take x rays and stuff, but actually get a cleaning
Melonie Powers: Over but on that day leads
Melonie Powers: In my teeth and handle, which I'm sure the one that I have in front of the bottom
Melonie Powers: Okay.
Melonie Powers: Don't
Melonie Powers: Worry
Melonie Powers: This will be able to on a call that one sheet that's really great. And we are right there, that a cavity.
Melonie Powers: And so people, you know, people can see it. And that's the one that I really have been asking every dentist, please. So this will go along with your plan. But, you know,
Richelle Direny: I don't know if that's it's me, but you're breaking
Melonie Powers: Well,
Melonie Powers: I'm fully charged everyone
Melonie Powers: Volume
Melonie Powers: You're
Richelle Direny: freezing up. Can you hear me.
Melonie Powers: I can hear you. You're not freezing up
Melonie Powers: I put my power back on the
Melonie Powers: Phone to disaster.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, so, um, so you did you reschedule the appointment to see the doctor.
Melonie Powers: Yeah, we'll be in London.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Melonie Powers: But different
Melonie Powers: Different doctor
Richelle Direny: It's quite interesting because I ended up going to the dentist today myself and
Richelle Direny: It's very
Richelle Direny: Different how they do things now.
Melonie Powers: Yeah, like they tell you that the other like, Man, I need some he felt like the cavity. Oh, like, I don't want to pay you $600 because I need this done.
Richelle Direny: To suit their their their breakdown for everything is like ridiculously expensive, you need a job just for the dentist.
Melonie Powers: That's why I waited what I got my initial thing back on 9008
Melonie Powers: That said, You know, I have. It's about $11,000 dental work that if I get
Melonie Powers: I'm not an implant late that's
Richelle Direny: Did you say $11,000
Melonie Powers: Worth of dental that's your ass and then they don't do they just campus supposedly based on your insurance and it comes out in my case $9,000
Melonie Powers: And like so they handed me that thing and send me the option like at $9 but. So then I started doing a lot of reading
Melonie Powers: Everything that they have to do like when I got that tooth pulled a couple weeks ago and that has to heal so that doctor that I've seen. I won't see him again until you get early July or late you
Melonie Powers: But
Melonie Powers: They don't tell you that. So they just base it all on whatever and you know this year I'm lower tier three on my dental which gives me more.
Melonie Powers: More funds and things like that to work with pay more.
Melonie Powers: Bigger stuff, you know, from a bad so money to have an eight. I was working, you know, real hard time
Melonie Powers: Was for that and see that for it. So, um,
Melonie Powers: But I haven't saved. No.
Melonie Powers: Let's see, it's kind of take them a couple of years to get you all know we can't do all day.
Melonie Powers: You know that it's like, you know, you hear commercials. You want brand new season one day, you know, like Virgil your story. Well, yeah, you can do that if you're a billionaire but normal people it takes you know at least a year to get everything put in every
Melonie Powers: Week to
Melonie Powers: Heal and efficient time saving more money.
Melonie Powers: You know, to me,
Melonie Powers: Angry
Melonie Powers: You're on mute.
Richelle Direny: Oh, sorry. I just recognized that like
Richelle Direny: A delay.
Richelle Direny: Know is asking you. How is work.
Melonie Powers: Oh, I haven't been working this week.
Melonie Powers: I can still pick and choose job, but it's really a matter of
Melonie Powers: You know the jobs are out there now you
Melonie Powers: You, we were doing store reset, you know, and things like that where you can work for five days in a row and 100
Melonie Powers: Day.
Melonie Powers: The job they have out there. Now, there are additional merchandise and jobs and I'm using a device all
Melonie Powers: Self Employed and the 1099 employee and I can show that I was working full time and all this code is crap started
Melonie Powers: And then I'm still working enough, basically, to be able to show them I'm making literally under $50 a week. They're cut off, but each of these jobs at like $8 total
Melonie Powers: So in order to make any kind of money at all. You'd have to travel like six or seven store doing you know you spend 20 minutes store hops.
Melonie Powers: And then they'll pay $8 or eight years, sometimes seven special on it. They can't get done as well. So you really need to have a whole Raw Story. He goes to
Melonie Powers: The model car, you know, for me to be traveling freaking 100 miles to go out and make six on which they don't have those routes out there like we're used to. So once you know like that.
Melonie Powers: I'm
Melonie Powers: Stupid. And I'm not crying out for $7 I'll get I'll do it for 21 or 30 something you know if I can do two or 337 bucks in my area. I'll do it right now.
Melonie Powers: Not worth my time, but because I consider myself and Floyd
Melonie Powers: Nightmare because Tennessee. They just like everywhere else be
Melonie Powers: Open to care that
Melonie Powers: They paid out one aim of already planning group.
Melonie Powers: Based on my previous employer or a regular, you know, regular work. And then based on me.
Melonie Powers: Through that I was working full time in my paycheck and everything else for two times and 99 but then their system had a glitch with the loan, which you can't get ahold of them. Like, I call it time today. I came through.
Melonie Powers: As I sent a letter to the governor
Melonie Powers: You know I'm requesting that you intervene on my behalf.
Melonie Powers: That's what they tell you to do will help for
Melonie Powers: You need to document. I'm not able to hold a week. So I'm still downloading form that show you know i've either work three times a week, or maybe I work once a week and a
Melonie Powers: Half occasion or whatever, you know, to make that full rights to them all the information I'm still downloading and my
Melonie Powers: Section, but it won't actually allow me to clean the week and
Melonie Powers: So I actually got it. I got a response back. You know, and they said that they were on my information. I told them the error that I'm getting a lot and
Melonie Powers: That it's approved and done but arable all my information to get paid any employee for them is there, you know, they just need to release it and
Melonie Powers: Put it in their system.
Melonie Powers: But they said, so it will be like 70 days before somebody gets back to me and then I run another thing, finding me calling you know all day long, drop a
Melonie Powers: You could find a leave a message with put you on the list to get call back you know
Melonie Powers: For right now it says our people are so
Melonie Powers: Many calls, which I'm holding all again, then they'll put you on hold for
Melonie Powers: Disconnected crazy. And so at least we'll get a little message.
Melonie Powers: About about, about six weeks.
Melonie Powers: Back on unemployment.
Melonie Powers: The 600 didn't care that minus the 74 taxes and 128 minus there from whatever it is taxes. So I have put the money there and on employment.
Melonie Powers: I just have to stay on top of things to make sure that they don't scare me out of it, which is why I'm trying to weigh everything I do a screenshot and I download it, you know, even if I've made 30 calls you left in our a screenshot it and
Melonie Powers: I'm doing my part.
Melonie Powers: That's kind of a whirlwind for people. I
Richelle Direny: Like
Richelle Direny: So, um, you know, I did hear someone was talking about them doing the same thing in terms of, well, I know calling the they weren't getting their their their their
Richelle Direny: Okay, enough food. So, what is it called, unemployment.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, and they they actually called a senator
Richelle Direny: And within a week. Everything was up and running and they started getting it.
Richelle Direny: Oh, I did here.
Melonie Powers: Was I see
Melonie Powers: We had see like all of our state representative
Melonie Powers: With and become around it and maybe, but the Republicans and the Democrats, they all together because the money sitting there, it's just not being told that was supposed to be. So they had a big town hall and
Melonie Powers: You know, my, my issue, what it says is, you stay in this big events on flight. It says new status on your last certification that you are
Melonie Powers: I'm paraphrasing let go from your previous employer, you have to file a new claim well
Melonie Powers: I can't. That's not true because I'm self employed and this is a known
Melonie Powers: glitch in the system. So that was brought up and it will all be met. And then if I could just talk to somebody, they'll release my phones and
Melonie Powers: Like I said, it's not all my work like
Melonie Powers: Either that she will work. Yeah.
Melonie Powers: You know, you keep track of all the states we were called contacted or address and phone number.
Melonie Powers: So all those
Melonie Powers: Eight.
Melonie Powers: It'd be helpful when i when i first be helpful to simplify the sheet bother talking to, you know, pull it up and see and then
Melonie Powers: Instead of me just trying to read
Melonie Powers: So many weeks stuff in there.
Melonie Powers: So that's just one sheet of three or three sheet.
Richelle Direny: So let me so with you're saying that you hadn't worked this week. So you're just kind of taking it. So, so are you going to go back next week.
Melonie Powers: Well, no, I did too. I did one job earlier me
Melonie Powers: I did for each of those considered a job. I'm in that works towards my self employed and then I also put in an application. I couldn't do. So I screenshot goes to like send your application that's been submitted. You know, at the end.
Melonie Powers: Like screenshot all that and I put that in a document.
Melonie Powers: Or write it down, whatever that um so i. And that's what I was talking to Tony about. He's like, why are you going to drive all that way me you know $18 for
Melonie Powers: Storage or whatever. And he said, well, because my unemployment current and, you know, it shows I am making money, but I'm making under the amount, but it cut me off or take you can make up to 50 a week and they don't touch your original one for
Richelle Direny: Me.
Melonie Powers: So it shows that I am technically those in my world. I am still considered solving would you know these people that I have patients into actually, I got a callback for that. I'm not calling back
Melonie Powers: A security company. I want to be a security.
Melonie Powers: always talk about
Melonie Powers: The day I'd be like, Oh, you're at, but you really want to see me with my growth back
Melonie Powers: Secure your damn property. I'm not in that much. Right.
Melonie Powers: Whatever you know but you know we like. I bet if you don't respond, then they can like out our fun and, you know, and the reality is
Melonie Powers: What is it pretty much. That was just one of the things I saw Eric technically I'm qualified as I tell them no. I cannot live you know 30 plus pounds repeatedly. You know what I mean that is going to knock out for that position.
Melonie Powers: But then I've applied for other ones, you know, that was just one of the first ones out there. Now there's a lot
Melonie Powers: More for
Melonie Powers: Some work at home position. I'm not a really, you know, people
Melonie Powers: But
Melonie Powers: Them.
Melonie Powers: Not one to leave your house and I'm not one to get trapped in it, but I you know I mean
Richelle Direny: You're kind of like in the middle, you're, you're not necessarily a outgoing complete outgoing person, but you don't want to be fast tracked in the house.
Melonie Powers: Right, exactly. And then, you know, I have my computer and things like that. It's, it's not a set of me to work from home, you're better off a little monitors and and never really cheap actually on Amazon. If I could get one of those jobs and even work part time
Melonie Powers: Not full time.
Melonie Powers: Part time
Melonie Powers: I could and I go get the full system setup for $400 if I were to go that route.
Melonie Powers: Would be worth it paid 400 you something like that because
Melonie Powers: Only this part time, you know, I just I can't be like that. I know I don't work phone call. And it's the same thing. Your, your call dialer system you're taking calls from whatever company or companies that they happen to work for
Melonie Powers: That I know I can't do that full time.
Melonie Powers: People like
Melonie Powers: Me like that, you know,
Melonie Powers: Yeah I know how I get, you know, it's not
Melonie Powers: Like you do it, part time
Richelle Direny: What do you mean you could do it, part time what the security.
Melonie Powers: No, the, the Amazon called I wish.
Melonie Powers: I did so for my head.
Melonie Powers: And my head is no no
Melonie Powers: No, but
Melonie Powers: My head is I can't
Melonie Powers: stand it.
Melonie Powers: I don't
Melonie Powers: Know,
Melonie Powers: Whether
Melonie Powers: Now,
Melonie Powers: Call Center.
Melonie Powers: Me.
Melonie Powers: Know,
Melonie Powers: What you said, Why am I
Richelle Direny: Getting is not good for you.
Melonie Powers: Know it's not work on some fire. Not like
Richelle Direny: Is it because like to sit there. Is it just that whole sitting there.
Richelle Direny: Um, is it the sitting down and having to just the monotony of just sitting and listening to people talk all the time, or just the structure of it that is too much for you, like, what exactly
Richelle Direny: That doesn't work for you.
Melonie Powers: Need all of it, you know, because you're just sitting there.
Melonie Powers: And people are the Nancy, you know, I don't know. People are rude and, you know, I've been in positions where I've been there for so long. You know, I've been either the boss or it's been going for shelters and what what does it do mean things, you know,
Melonie Powers: I'm around, you know, and I don't have to just sit at the desk and looking at a screen and bam, bam, bam, call a call. Now I can do problem after problem.
Melonie Powers: But when you're on call and you're not even looking at person. I mean, you're not seeing them. You can't relate them and they don't see you and then they don't you know when you're dealing with somebody face to face a lot different. I mean,
Melonie Powers: Usually, and I'm not saying that people actually the way you know that they can be can be seen that name or the coffee on these workers that Walmart, you
Richelle Direny: Know a random people
Melonie Powers: Yeah, like the people that are already whatever trumpeters you can't keep our freedom by law, refusing to wear a mask and so
Melonie Powers: They're calling on its frontline employees, like a $9 an hour job now Walmart, boy, he has anything to say about the total Corporation. You know what they put in place to keep their own employees save you know so when they get mad at them boy they're coughing on that this
Melonie Powers: Also
Melonie Powers: If people search it on Google, you'll see a bunch of on
Melonie Powers: I was like, you see. And that's not my intent. I will break my back.
Melonie Powers: Right when my
Melonie Powers: Dad, try and
Richelle Direny: Listen, you know, you listen, regardless of our viewpoints to all of this. That's the, that's just, that's just, that's just, that's just
Melonie Powers: So wrong. Yeah.
Melonie Powers: I mean every in every I don't care who you are, how you vote. What you think like when there's a deadly virus going around, even if you choose not where your mouth. Okay, that's not me, but you know you you've already got like
Richelle Direny: A
Richelle Direny: Virus or no deadly virus or no day
Melonie Powers: Off on me.
Richelle Direny: You don't have that normal life.
Richelle Direny: No, no, no.
Richelle Direny: No, wow, what's your germs know
Melonie Powers: Right here. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: It's because you know the
Richelle Direny: Deadly the coronas deadly the flu can be deadly are so many. I do not need. Listen, if I don't want my kid coughing in my face. What makes you think it's okay for you to
Melonie Powers: Ask what I'm saying. And I said, and I kind of laughed about it like on Facebook.
Melonie Powers: You know, thank God. You know, I don't have to put dinner on the table for kids because I'm gonna jump over to power, and I'm gonna take one.
Melonie Powers: Way or the other. You might have to go but I'm fortunate enough not to have to stand there and take it and do it with my phone. You know what I mean, because it's on now you want to meet your it's over.
Richelle Direny: That's it. They're not. It has nothing to do with your viewpoint, whether you're a Trump supporter
Richelle Direny: Right supporter
Melonie Powers: Yes.
Richelle Direny: You cannot diseases. I don't call
Melonie Powers: It right it's your mommy right
Richelle Direny: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Oh my god that's that's
Melonie Powers: Going on. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: That's the thing I'm with you. I think at that point I was
Richelle Direny: Everything else I would forget about
Richelle Direny: Me, I would envision me in that
Richelle Direny: orange jumpsuit. And I said, you know,
Melonie Powers: He had some of them are green. Green really well.
Richelle Direny: There you go.
Richelle Direny: So, but
In today's world, and
Melonie Powers: It's, you know,
Melonie Powers: It's a little, little crazy man employee and manager don't caught up in a manager.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, yeah. I mean, I've seen people people. People are acting ridiculous, but, you know, at the end of the day, you have to think about your well being your mental health and everything.
Richelle Direny: Um, but, you know, and you have to stay focused on what is it that you want and and I know for you, like in terms of what the workforce, um,
Richelle Direny: I know like what you've talked about is going after things that is conducive are suitable for you in
Richelle Direny: What you're trying to accomplish with everything medically that's going on with you with the flexibility and freedom or what have you.
Richelle Direny: And sometimes even thinking about the the the proximity. From where do you go from where you go to work, to where you live, because it makes no sense. You're driving an hour just to make $20 all that $20 is going to go right back and forget to come back home was a
Richelle Direny: House.
Melonie Powers: And all
Melonie Powers: And that's why I'm trying to say right now.
Melonie Powers: And I know you record the stuff with downtown. You know, I'm just saying, I'm working the system a little bit, but I do fall within the guidelines. I do. And I, and I do meet their requirements, because I was working full time and those jobs.
Melonie Powers: A lot i do fall under that. And right now, and taking a little bit advantage of it.
Melonie Powers: But just like you just said like, I can't see this kind of work because it's, you know, I just put in $500 worth of free oil change of lifetime rotation on the car.
Melonie Powers: To car. I can't you know i mean i could need to be doing that.
Richelle Direny: Remember we talked about the last time. It's all about perspective, it's all about what how you're looking at it and I think based on what I hear you say you have said, even in the past, is that
Richelle Direny: You want to look at it from the standpoint of, you know, you're working the system. But when you explain it.
Richelle Direny: Could some degree of it be, it's all about perspective, it's all about how the system is looking at it. How are they saying that you're taking advantage for instance.
Richelle Direny: So like on the weekends, the church that I go to. They have, they have this food drive that they do and you know people you they go out there and they proud of sign and they, um, they
Richelle Direny: People to come and you know you're giving out food to families. I mean granted the food is not a whole lot for what you're getting.
Richelle Direny: It's a lot of it is more can stuff. But regardless of what it is in the few times that I've been there to assist in the food drive you have this one person. Now, you know,
Richelle Direny: You know, sister has to tell you, homeboy, is working the system, but then the way it, it's more in a selfish manner because like when you're putting this stuff in his vehicle and you see what's already in his be like, listen, that you just went grocery shopping off of some some place for
Melonie Powers: Him on identity, your life. Have you ever had us do things like that.
Richelle Direny: That you're using the food bank but knowing, seeing what he's doing, because he's consistent. You see him every time. But this is not
Melonie Powers: Going to pay for
Richelle Direny: It you're paying for food, but
Richelle Direny: You're saying, Okay, can I get to. And you're saying it's for your friend, you know, for your friend. And then when you look in the back of his car, he has way more food.
Richelle Direny: Then you have when you go grocery shopping in the back of his, and this is a every so that means that he goes to all of the different once
Richelle Direny: Again, yeah.
Richelle Direny: So I and I give this example because it's like you have to look at the people there are some people who take advantage of a situation.
Richelle Direny: Simply because it's there for them to take advantage of. And there's some people who are in a situation and they feel because one of the things that I remember you said the last time.
Richelle Direny: Was that you know people situation or worse off. So there's a degree of guilt that's associated with what you're
Richelle Direny: Like you're saying like, there's a certain degree of guilt that's associated with you on going and getting the assistance and so you
Melonie Powers: Know, I wouldn't
Melonie Powers: I wouldn't go over, you know,
Melonie Powers: My people, Hey, you know, there's those programs that I've worked in a system. They have so much a year you know that they have to get out with them. There's not needy needy people that really need that assistance, but in this case against them, because
Melonie Powers: They need the guidelines I fall under because I was working
Melonie Powers: Just that simple. I was working full time and those jobs right up and they were actually work. You know, I don't mind driving you know some of those lists. I had to get an hour, an hour each way, or our 20 times more um but I at work.
Melonie Powers: Money.
Melonie Powers: And they just they haven't come back.
Melonie Powers: So they're all
Melonie Powers: $9
Melonie Powers: Total
Melonie Powers: Some you know my work. They didn't have any areas are you a bill
Melonie Powers: And I would do it because you know it can eat their good graces and it allowed me to get the better jobs, you know, because people line up for those times you know nobody wants to be traveling
Melonie Powers: Little city that now move on. And so it's like I'm stuck with that. So is everybody else. That's a good worker. Like I, you know, working with merchandising stuff that's what they're all looking at
Melonie Powers: Because all of us that, you know, showed up did our job and did a good mind and you know we got those jobs are, you know, we get like free and then have like a week off, you know,
Melonie Powers: And then the next month or if you needed to assign like maybe fill in with some of those
Melonie Powers: Little other little one on your steps or whatever you want to say. Now that's not America, but it's not enough. It's not enough. You can't do it every day.
Melonie Powers: Mm hmm. Without that supplemental four or five days of, you know, not worth it brings it out of my
Whoa.
Melonie Powers: Oh yeah, you're right. There's a little bit of degree of guilt, but because the fed on
Richelle Direny: It's very
Richelle Direny: I think the guilt is because of, you know, like you used to work and you, you weren't independent or you weren't in in the type of need that you're in now.
Richelle Direny: So there's that little bit of guilt and you didn't have all of the things that you have right now that's going on. So there's a little bit of guilt, but then again it comes back to perspective because
Richelle Direny: You're just saying that I my within my realm of applying for, for, for unemployment, I might in the realm of being able. Am I getting it. Is it something that I'm cheating or I'm lying in order to obtain this and I pray that they don't catch me and even
Richelle Direny: If it is, and it's legitimately doing it's it's kind of like, you know, I know in I don't know that you guys have ever experienced that in Tennessee, but I know in Florida, like we're going into hurricane season now and
Melonie Powers: Looking Florida. Yeah.
Melonie Powers: The key.
Richelle Direny: Is the key. So, you know, like during Hurricane Season. I know, but but i know you live in Florida in the keys, but I don't remember if you have you ever been here where I know the last
Melonie Powers: Time around the life now.
Richelle Direny: Compare my when I lost
Melonie Powers: Everything that was end of his October 2018 79 cents and if she found
Richelle Direny: Her mom Irma was the hurricane where they they were giving out money.
Richelle Direny: Was it earlier that they had given that
Melonie Powers: Money all female with
Melonie Powers: FEMA was there. I mean, you know, most, most people
Richelle Direny: got like a $500 yeah
Melonie Powers: I lost everything. And I had a disaster. And that's when I worked with a women's shelter. That's when our shelter that literally blown down like bam I lost. I lost my I lost everything.
Richelle Direny: So, so then
Richelle Direny: So you would think that when when the FEMA came out and they were giving out money.
Richelle Direny: Because there was because it was so much devastation that like they were going through each town and they were giving out per household
Richelle Direny: They were giving out fun but then sometimes people will falsify the information to get it. Um, some people would say,
Richelle Direny: I think about it. Some people would say, um, well just kind of like how you're feeling well. I mean, I don't want to apply for it because there's there's people who need it more than me.
Richelle Direny: But then the reality of it. I get there's people. That's true, but they're not if you're a household of two you're getting X amount if I'm a household of three. I'm getting X amount of
Richelle Direny: The conversation is not whether or not I needed yes or no. The conversation which applied to all if you are a taxpaying citizen of the state.
Richelle Direny: We are all entitled to it you personalize it and you said, I feel some degree of guilt because
Richelle Direny: I don't necessarily. I didn't lose anything because I think one of the things is because we were out of electricity and everything that was going on.
Richelle Direny: So then people's food like they have to throw away their food and all this different stuff. So they basically gave us all this money to be able to replenish all of this stuff that we lost so
Richelle Direny: It's just I might personalize it and just say, and so, like, I'm not gonna lie I went and I stand in that six hour long line six lovely hours in all
Yeah.
Melonie Powers: Perfect. I did that.
Richelle Direny: Simply because
Richelle Direny: When you thought the line was finished, and you have gotten to the end of the line. You just realized I just really started the line.
Richelle Direny: You know,
Melonie Powers: Around the corner of the bill. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, so, but then I could look at it and I can say, well, no, I don't want to take money from what know everybody. It's like, because when you got to the top of the line.
Richelle Direny: And you have to show them your driver's license. So even no matter what you want to put on the form
Richelle Direny: your driver's license said this is your situation, your Social Security, whatever it is, said
Richelle Direny: How much money you were entitled to. How many people lived in your home. So there was so then therefore whether I was deserving of it or not, that money was already allocated.
Richelle Direny: For me to get it just like how it was allocated for you to get it. It's not free. It's not as though you personalize it but it's like don't personalize it because hey, it's there for you as well. You're not cheating the government, you're not doing any of it. It's there for you to have
Richelle Direny: But then if you know that, but it's oftentimes we we somewhat without recognizing it we put ourselves in the same category.
Richelle Direny: Of a person who is being dishonest, we put ourselves in the same category of a person who's finding different ways to cheat the government. It's kind of like you. One of the things that I used to get turned off with is when you go to the grocery store and you someone judge
Richelle Direny: You judge, because you see some
Melonie Powers: Friend of mine off the off the game that Kurt
Melonie Powers: Are walking out the door with blue part and you deny me what I have heard
Melonie Powers: Is never gonna happen you know
Richelle Direny: I looked at the car.
Richelle Direny: You can for all my groceries in your bag. There is no way when you have found the treasure hidden behind you. There is no it. That is just a lot of money in that car.
Richelle Direny: And so you judged. And so you look at them and you say, well, what is it that you're doing to be able to get that much money and food sense but then if I apply you deny me and I'm legitimately struggling. Like how is that possible.
Richelle Direny: So then you then learn how they're cheating the government, you have to then ask yourself that question. Is it right for me to be dishonest, to be able to get what they're getting. Just because again.
Richelle Direny: It's a matter of perspective, it really truly is because there are people who legitimately they go out there, I have having
Richelle Direny: Well, who will do things. I know like before they change the law, years ago, there were women who would just have children, just so they could get more money on food stamps or they can just get more welfare and it's just like, really, why would you do that and
Richelle Direny: There's just people who just stayed on that, but you just have to be careful not to put yourself in that category because you have to know what your situation and circumstances are and what it is that you're not good.
Melonie Powers: You know, and I think you're right. She because when I do it says I did, Florida. You know, I knew all the resources and I took advantage of all of them because I tried to keep my house. I tried to find another job I you know I tried to do all these, you know, but in the meantime.
Melonie Powers: You know, you worked with all these people in the community, you know, and I knew
Melonie Powers: That
Melonie Powers: I needed it. You know, right now, I would not try to find a community resource that would help me like I needed the car registered. It was like $111 so whatever was some odd number, but
Melonie Powers: They helped me get my registration. But in order for me to continue, I had to have that, you know, living down and eat out of that bus.
Melonie Powers: Or hey I can't do it.
Melonie Powers: But I would never do that. Now, just, you know, we have another thing like that like he's got the basics covered here he
Melonie Powers: Always trying to work, something to do something. So even if it happens to be.
Melonie Powers: Full time and stuff like that. But he might
Melonie Powers: All every
Melonie Powers: You know this property, you know, to try to put gas into the law he he do that at all. It sounds crazy, but those kinds of things are in virtue, things like that. And the doctors appointments, you know that come, you know, weekly, then my medication refills all
Melonie Powers: cover the basics of
Melonie Powers: All the other stuff. It's just not there.
It is
Richelle Direny: And but again it comes down because everything that you're explaining is that you're saying that
Richelle Direny: This is my life circumstances. I'm reaching out for resources that are made to help people when they're in their time of need.
Richelle Direny: You're not doing it to say, I want to live off of the government. I never want to work with them. My life. I never want to do
Richelle Direny: There's people who again legitimately who stay on welfare and they do the bare minimum, just so they don't have to lose what they're getting from the government.
Richelle Direny: Don't put yourself in that category because those people are content with where they are, what they're doing.
Richelle Direny: You're saying that I'm going to apply for unemployment. But in addition, I am going to try because I don't want to stay like this forever. I mean, there was a point in time where I applied for food stamps. I had my kids on Medicaid, you did it temporarily until things got better.
Richelle Direny: Because this is not the life you want it to live.
Richelle Direny: Forever. Did you feel guilty that I feel guilty in that time in quiet. Yes. The minute I was able to get off. I got off because like I think I needed to sell my left, liver, just to even get and $20 that they're going to give you
Richelle Direny: A rescue
Richelle Direny: And so it's just like, but again, be careful not to put yourself in that category of other people who are doing it for their own
Richelle Direny: Into self satisfaction or need or because they know that it's a possibility or people who just don't want to go out there and work. There are people if you're willing to go scrub the toilet, just to get $10 an hour and the next person says, I leave. I'm not doing that.
Richelle Direny: It's telling us an
Issue.
Melonie Powers: That's an issue or work, and I'm sure at the end because I kind of housekeeper, right. That's how I supplemented my income in Florida.
Melonie Powers: Very. I had my own homes they had businesses where I would do their front of the house, meaning for and what about regular customers that just suck women in my
Melonie Powers: Day to day manager.
Richelle Direny: But then a person who lives off of the government. They're like, I'm not doing that. Why should I go scrub somebody toilet and only get paid $10 an hour.
Richelle Direny: When I can live off of welfare my rent is paid by light is paid, I get food stamps and I got. Why should I do that there is people who legitimately think like that. So you have to be careful not to put yourself in that category.
Richelle Direny: You have to be if it is the resources are there for people who need assistance.
Richelle Direny: DON'T, AND THAT'S WHY I GAVE YOU EVEN THE EXAMPLE OF THE the food stamp during that time on FEMA after the hurricane.
Richelle Direny: It's there for all of us to apply for it. You need it, but you're not saying I want to live off of it wasn't beneficial for that time. Yes.
Richelle Direny: But you're not going to now live off of it because now you're going to still do what you needed to do. It's not feeling guilty about it. I know people who decided they said that no, they were not going to go get it. But then don't come asked me for a piece of my pad because you chose
Richelle Direny: For six hours.
Melonie Powers: I have an extra $50 to give you today.
Richelle Direny: Are you send it if you want to have when you stand in the line, just like I did for six hours six dog on our were some hot sun hours.
Melonie Powers: Hot. Yeah.
Melonie Powers: Seriously.
Richelle Direny: So,
Melonie Powers: They can
Richelle Direny: So, you know, it's just really truly just looking at it, it's, again, it comes down to truly it's about perspective.
Richelle Direny: It's about how you're looking at it, you have to know what is your end goal. What is your end result, you're doing what you're doing, like you said right now.
Richelle Direny: Going to work for someone, five days a week eight hours per week or 40 hours per week. It's not conducive to you because you need that flexibility.
Richelle Direny: You need because you have things that needs to get done. So for you, the way you're doing it and if it is that you are are going to get supplemental income through unemployment or what have you.
Richelle Direny: You already done your timeline, you've already put out your timeline and your timeline says for the next
Richelle Direny: Six months. I'm going to
Richelle Direny: This is how many hours. I'm going to work. This is how I'm going to get my work, because in six months. I'll be able to complete all of my dental stuff I'll be able to make all of my appointment I will be able to do all the things that I need to do.
Richelle Direny: At six months. Once you've met your goal. If you were if you're able to meet it with success you reevaluate that and then you say okay
Richelle Direny: Well now, maybe it's best for me to get a part time job and this is the type of part time job that maybe give me some degree of flexibility as well. But again, it's staying focused on what your goals are that you created for yourself and not being feeling guilty.
Melonie Powers: And I mean, I was like a part time job. Now I look at it, you know, like the nighttime job.
Melonie Powers: Night Out, you know, and I would do that. The thing you know with me and they go, you know, are you going to work overtime. It's like mandatory. And if we call you in
Melonie Powers: Like no, not really.
Melonie Powers: You know, I want to work a night shift. Mm hmm. You know, because I have so many things to do during the day off.
Melonie Powers: But
Melonie Powers: Either way, I would still take
Melonie Powers: Even a part time job like I'm applying for stuff. Interesting. Also,
Melonie Powers: And I didn't realize
Melonie Powers: But it's like, and it has to wholesale prices and especially in Virginia, the best like right here are our seat line right there. You know, so it's still like 15 minutes away. But you can do a lot of
Melonie Powers: Being like a contact person where somebody has coded in what your job would be is getting on the phone to find the contacts and the family members, trying to get the releases so that you can, you know,
Melonie Powers: Get a hold of everybody to stay around to let them know that it's been closed that kind of so I'm actually I hope to hear something back from that one. That would be
Melonie Powers: I think that they would also be driving evolve past you know
Melonie Powers: Kind of a mix of both which I'm fine, but it after I find it relate to this contract, it's done in 1099 like anything.
Melonie Powers: My world is ends up being a contractor. A 1099 in
Melonie Powers: The world.
Melonie Powers: You get a job and stay with it and then that that ended many years ago, nearly and I'm like, my husband, like his. He has a
Melonie Powers: Pension, you know, the state of New Jersey retired electrician signatures and I look at what's going on in New Jersey right now. And you know, I hear you know
Melonie Powers: Politicians, though. Yeah, let's see file bankruptcy different trying it out essentials and a lot of companies have done it as haven't done because
Melonie Powers: They haven't been able to file bankruptcy or they're trying to help her out. If they do something. And let's see, New Jersey file, you know,
Melonie Powers: Bankruptcy, the first thing that they're losing their pension. That's a scary prospect, because that's what pays the bills. You know what I mean that in his, his social security.
Melonie Powers: So there's a lot of fear. I feel like I really need it.
Melonie Powers: And it's
Melonie Powers: Not that there's that there's the what is you know there there's also that that I have to contribute something just, you know, like I like we can't get by without me doing nothing. And I don't want to do nothing but it's just that there's a huge fear out there whether
Melonie Powers: It's filed bankruptcy and all lot of bullets political maliciousness. You know what I mean, just being malicious and I think that necessary prospects to do it, you know, and I hope they don't
Melonie Powers: They don't want people I know that has a pension never hear people's attention anymore, you know,
Well,
Richelle Direny: Yeah, with all of this is going on. I think pension is going to get affected so scared. There's so many things that it's going to get affected.
Melonie Powers: With this right and so
Melonie Powers: And I go, Well, if you know we have to also be prepared. Should we lose some income, you know,
Melonie Powers: I can't just, I don't want to be trying to starting to find a job like a good real job that you know I would rather have history with the place
Melonie Powers: You know something did occur during a more have options. Okay, poor people, you know, we got to replace me. You know, I don't want to go jump on a bandwagon.
Melonie Powers: That I can't stay with this self employed crap, I'm, I'm not good at keeping track and I have a I had an app that I was using, especially when I was working full time and contract my mile
Melonie Powers: My receipts. I would just go off, you know, for my taxes later. And then I got rid of that one. I wasn't working, so much so now it's like me trying to keep track you know
Melonie Powers: I just use my maps may go back. You like to travel in each other. I know that keeping track of things and getting ready for passes and all that kind of crap.
Melonie Powers: I just, I need a real job but
Melonie Powers: I don't know, just
Melonie Powers: wanted something will work out.
Melonie Powers: And so I say, like, I like I wanted
Melonie Powers: To
Melonie Powers: Increase excuse me in the workforce, at least, it keeps you boy that has bad Benatar plus getting fired didn't call
Melonie Powers: Me, you know,
Melonie Powers: So it's hard to get people wanted for you. You've been fired and, you know, things like that. Go, would you deal with
Melonie Powers: Right now I'm looking for
Richelle Direny: So, so you're saying that in the near future.
Richelle Direny: Um, your overall income in the house can be possibly affected due to
Richelle Direny: What they're thinking about doing in
Melonie Powers: If they if they change the laws regarding see filing bankruptcy.
Melonie Powers: And I don't think they're gonna end up being able to do it because all the features are going in the hole. We don't have federal response to this code. So the states. And so we're having to show all this money hospitals temporary that's all sorts of things, you know, people say,
Melonie Powers: And the real me business is going on here. There's just so much all the states and willing any federal health and what at first because it was getting mostly like
Melonie Powers: A blue states and you know you've heard me say, you know, we don't have any we
Melonie Powers: It's basically dead on arrival helping Lucy, Lucy code is coming in. If you watched it, it's coming into the country from the outside in.
Melonie Powers: And now it's not a blue state red state thing. Now it's every states. Got it. Whether they report the numbers correctly or not that
Melonie Powers: You know they can't now to change that law before they politicize it shouldn't have. But before they solidify.
Melonie Powers: Lucy put on the toilet. Right. And all and all the red state supporters. Yeah. Yeah. Well, now they're sacred, be it. So I guess they get to come back into reality by being reality with the rest of us, you know, not
Melonie Powers: Not New Jersey fault and it in for them even think for five seconds if they don't have both Republicans, Democrats and the libertarians all living in this crazy
Melonie Powers: You know, I don't even go that route, but, um, that's what the federal government work you know help any kind of this is a pandemic, whether it's a hurricane or there's
Melonie Powers: A forest fire weather is a slide like Michigan. You know what the federal government and all these places there for them to be cutting it off to such a severe way. And if I don't get it. But yet the spirit.
Melonie Powers: You know I'm 47 at the end of the month, you know, and
Melonie Powers: Me his long job history and, you know, even when I tried to my history down, they don't realize that my work and he's I'm working through Dr.
Melonie Powers: So it looks like I have all these employers and like if you just look at the dates will see how they over lap and things like that, you know, working two jobs, you have to be down there. We can't make your bills, you know,
Melonie Powers: It's just
Melonie Powers: But it looks like some places they go, how many you seen this question R amp D. How many jobs have you had in the last year.
Melonie Powers: You know, or to your yo. They want to know because they figure, you're jumping in for your employer employer.
Melonie Powers: Well, and in some cases that may be true, but when you're a person who works two jobs in that second job changes your life. What's going on, you know, you'll end up with five and six employers for Q3, or, you know,
Melonie Powers: They discount
Melonie Powers: I don't know. I don't want them.
Melonie Powers: So this hour.
Melonie Powers: Well, I mean, I, you know,
Richelle Direny: I know we have been in last year.
Richelle Direny: I think you know in moving forward. I think not moving forward. But I think in terms of what has been going on with you.
Richelle Direny: I think a lot of it is related to be, you know, your ability to generate some type of income because you have so much from a financial front going on.
Richelle Direny: And trying to figure that out and establish that. And that's kind of been your main thing. So I think focusing on that and just kind of having a thorough
Melonie Powers: Conversation, and nothing here. Nothing is mine.
Melonie Powers: I mean, at the end of the day, you know, my husband. I know he says he loves me, you know,
Melonie Powers: You know the realities of this
Melonie Powers: And I go, Well, if he has a heart attack tomorrow. No, I'm not eat at this all there's no will, you know, it says, for me, you know, we get caught up in probate I'm screwed. I have nothing. And it's one thing that he said that
Melonie Powers: Through all of our sessions, all this stuff was everything he does making dinner truly
Melonie Powers: Is doing it for him. You know, so all
Melonie Powers: All the stuff that has to be done whether I'm here.
Melonie Powers: You know, and then
Richelle Direny: But then the
Melonie Powers: Ego is
Richelle Direny: But the concept is even though, like you say none of it is towards the still the concept is you're married. So hypothetically speaking, you're still the first person unless he has a will or unless he has something in place to say like, so if he does he have children.
Melonie Powers: Chrome. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Now unless he has something that says that in the event of his passing, everything that he owns goes to his children, unless he has some piece of paper that says that hypothetically speaking, it all goes to you.
Richelle Direny: Because you're his
Melonie Powers: His wife and i i don't
Melonie Powers: Know anything
Melonie Powers: And we talked about it.
Melonie Powers: He's very high risk.
Melonie Powers: In 47 I'm actually hybrid given my all medications. I make them small for things like that, you know, all bring the iris. Should I, you know, catch that metal pneumonia.
Melonie Powers: But we we talked about some of the
Melonie Powers: Most interesting so I don't know but you know I treat this home like it's mine. I clean it like mine, I read
Richelle Direny: The eyes of the law. It is yours in the NOW when okay when you bought the house when he bought the house where you guys already married
Melonie Powers: A month
Melonie Powers: Later.
Melonie Powers: So when I guess about two months.
Richelle Direny: So you want
Richelle Direny: The house when he already had the house.
Melonie Powers: Yeah, about three weeks 341 happy.
Melonie Powers: Happy four weeks later, I'm Ghana.
Richelle Direny: So you would have to have that, because here in in Florida. I know that if you own a house if you're married and you own a house.
Richelle Direny: It doesn't even if I'm the one that bought the house. The fact that I'm married his name automatically goes on the deed mine. It's not on the loan.
Richelle Direny: But it's on the deed, so technically from a finance responsible for it, but he cannot get rid of the house without my consent, Tennessee, you would have to look at the laws of Tennessee, but
Melonie Powers: To have such nothing he can do it. He can do a quick claim deed and put my name on it.
Melonie Powers: And in fact we have
Melonie Powers: He got the paperwork to do that, like, put me on so that I'm not responsible for the loan. None of my bill collectors from that for him, you know, to me,
Melonie Powers: That they could be claims it, but I have an attorney bankruptcy.
Melonie Powers: But that's the other thing I have to keep my inbox. That's why I had been working. I was because I have tourney base for bankruptcy and I have all the work that needs to
Melonie Powers: Be done for my feet. So I've got an attorney retained is one of the main reasons for doing this with a quitclaim deed it to me mean you should something happen.
Melonie Powers: With all my credit or when they are
Melonie Powers: Do not it.
Melonie Powers: Is not against those things.
Melonie Powers: Like I said, you know, he, he called the
Melonie Powers: Mortgage people we had emailed me I printed it out and we were ready to do it, but it was like I we have to wait. I have to see or they'll the house. My dad you know we we can't have that. So, um,
Richelle Direny: It's identifying in terms of your own security get because. So, I think. And so maybe there's a little bit of bias. From this standpoint, and maybe not very therapeutic.
Richelle Direny: I'm biased, but it's the, I think it's just kind of how over time we have been trained to think as women. It's like you're married.
Melonie Powers: And it was like, well, Screw it. I'm gonna always good for
Melonie Powers: I've always had
Richelle Direny: It, but again, it's how we as individuals. I shouldn't say as well as individual it's how we're trained to think, because the reality of it is if you're married.
Richelle Direny: That it says now the tool became one, which means that
Richelle Direny: It's the it's your it's both of your houses. Just because your name is not on it now in your situation, it's a little bit different. Your name is not on the home.
Richelle Direny: Because of the fact that it is, um, because of the fact that from a financial standpoint, with the bankruptcy and everything that's going on with that you don't want that to be attached. You want to keep those things separate
Richelle Direny: In there's in relationship there things that you you intentionally keep separate for a reason.
Richelle Direny: Not because I just want to be selfish and says, this is mine. And this is yours and you keep that over there. Exactly. If that's not the real intense of the reason why things are being separate, then it's not thinking that, because in everything there.
Melonie Powers: And on his behalf, it's not it's not like, yeah, it's not
Melonie Powers: That hasn't been the case, no matter how I feel when I hear you are no matter all the crap that's really not been endpoints and
Melonie Powers: get that done.
Richelle Direny: And I stopped it.
Melonie Powers: You know, I had to
Richelle Direny: It why you stopped it makes a lot of sense because of the fact that there's the bankruptcy and you think about, like you said that you guys file taxes together, you're saying that you're on his insurance so
Richelle Direny: From a marital standpoint, it seems as if you know he has there is there's his parts that he does.
Richelle Direny: Outside of the other things that may be there and maybe you guys need to work through like any married couple who have their
Richelle Direny: Their issues and that they need to work through it like you know and I'll say this, like this, like, my husband will always say there are certain things. Like, I feel, and he was like, listen.
Richelle Direny: That's your feeling because if you're telling me that you're feeling and I'm telling you, otherwise I can't do anything about it. It's your feeling like you said, it's your integrity.
Melonie Powers: My insecurity.
Richelle Direny: Your insecurities, like I'm telling you that that's not true. I'm telling you, 100% honest.
Richelle Direny: That's your insecurities, which means that you have to work through on on your own insecurities, because there's and your insecurities rightfully so, comes from your past.
Richelle Direny: Of your past relationship and everything that goes along with it. So there's a part of you that can never fully give yourself to him, simply because the last time you did it.
Richelle Direny: That person betrayed your trust he betrayed your love. He did all the things that he did to you. So there's that part of you that will always be guarded because
Richelle Direny: Of your past relationship. There's that part of you that will never that has I shouldn't say never, that it's very hard for you to give in, because of the past relationship. So until you work through that until you get to that place of
Melonie Powers: Hey we got our work cut out for us.
Melonie Powers: I don't know if an hour. We're going to cut
Richelle Direny: Our teeth and that's why we're still going to work on it, but I think again.
Richelle Direny: I believe in what's
Melonie Powers: Right.
Richelle Direny: And I think there's the financial piece that's
Richelle Direny: And I can even see that you have gotten a little bit more relaxing a little bit more free because I believe in, if that's pressing is the financial pieces. First, and let's talk about that. And then we will go to that.
Richelle Direny: Because you have to be at that place to say, Hey, well, I mean, when it comes down to your spouse isn't working, and paying MAJORITY OF THE BILLS, BECAUSE THIS IS THE THING.
Richelle Direny: The way you work in the way we've been talking about like your work and all of the financial things that you have going on if he really wasn't for you.
Richelle Direny: If everything if it's listen this is mine. I buy my own food. I pay my own bills and you got to contribute, you would have had more stressors on you trying to find more permanent consistent work that generated
Richelle Direny: A certain degree of money.
Richelle Direny: So then it tells me, and it's always been there, that he is somewhat, but he is playing that role.
Richelle Direny: In terms of being a provider in terms of being supporter, even though we clash, even though we argue even though we have different viewpoints on certain things.
Richelle Direny: And if you choose to sleep on the couch and that's whatever is associated with that and maybe at a later time. We'll talk about that. But at the end of the day, he is still providing
Richelle Direny: He is not saying
Richelle Direny: We're going to go to the grocery store where you'll hundred dollars that because I got mine to buy my food.
He's not
Melonie Powers: I then they're very
Melonie Powers: You know,
Richelle Direny: Those insecurities and a lot of those holdbacks
Richelle Direny: Comes from that past relationship that the abuse that you sustained and everything that you sustained. So every time you look at him.
Richelle Direny: He will always for the most part, fight with your past relationship. He's always having to prove himself that he is not like your previous husband, not to say that he doesn't come with his own degree of whatever
Richelle Direny: But he is always going to have to fight with the fact that I am not your ex husband, I am not going to do this. And that's always going to be there. And that's because you will have to work through and you have to get to that place of
Richelle Direny: Forgiveness is a big topic. And again, we'll talk about this in another sense so forgiveness isn't is a big topic. And the reason why it's a big topic.
Richelle Direny: Because oftentimes we have a hard time moving forward because we still hold on very hard to the past and we refuse to forgive, because in our minds. If I forgive
Richelle Direny: It means that I am saying it is okay, what they did. And I'm solidified, and I'm validating and you're not doing that.
Richelle Direny: You're just saying I need to be at peace, and I need to move forward with my life and I need to leave that behind me never to return to it.
Richelle Direny: That's it. But it's understanding what that forgiveness looks like and that's that piece that it's going to, it's a slow process.
Richelle Direny: But if you're willing, you can get through it so you can get to that place to start loving yourself again.
Richelle Direny: To start, meaning finding meaning and validating yourself again for you to start looking at yourself like Melanie is worth it. Melanie is worth loving Melanie is worth being treated well
Richelle Direny: And so while you're working on everything with your dental stuff your medical stuff while you're doing that, it's, it's, it's going to be hard for you to learn
Richelle Direny: How to just get back to that old Melanie pre this abusive relationship pre all the abuse that you've gone through and I think it's learning that but it's working through forgiving.
Richelle Direny: All of that in the past because up until now, you're still dragging that with you and
Richelle Direny: Until you get to that place where you say this load is too heavy and I've been carrying it for too long. And I'm going to release it.
Richelle Direny: Until you get to that place, you will always have that insecurity, especially in your relationship. And I know that's the biggest piece until you do that. And again, they're gonna happen overnight, like you said,
Melonie Powers: Well, we'll talk about that. I got you scheduled right for the night.
Melonie Powers: Here.
Melonie Powers: It says, I can't
Melonie Powers: See three or five
Richelle Direny: Five for the first time.
Melonie Powers: And then I'm gonna throw
Richelle Direny: You down for the 23rd at five is again. Okay.
Melonie Powers: Yeah, and then I'll be in next week. If you can let Dr. Janice and 90 results, unless you put I may have rebuilt on something, but I know on my data pendants know Rico, but those. Um, I don't know why they
Melonie Powers: Happy or
Richelle Direny: Send me a message to him tomorrow. I'm just saying. Could you remind doc for whatever that medication is and I can remind her because I know the last time she had already did it, but when I reminded her. She said she had already did it.
Melonie Powers: Okay.
Melonie Powers: All right.
Melonie Powers: just your regular text right your regular text.
Richelle Direny: Yes, yes. Like when I when I sent it to you. You responded to me. Yeah, just send it
Melonie Powers: Yeah, okay. All right, welcome.
Richelle Direny: All right.
Melonie Powers: Thank you. Bye bye.